Sorry, the Matan family is not a dome right now.
Please leave a message.
Hi Jane, it's Wong Fang.
I'm at home with my American family.
The mum and dad are really nice.
What's your family in France like?
We've just finished lunch.
The weather is really nice
and we are thinking about going to the beach this afternoon.
One of the boys in the family plays beach volleyball
and his team is playing on the beach today.
We'll stay there until six o'clock
and then we're going to a concert in the park.
A French group is playing.
They're called the music planet.
Have you heard of them?
My family says they're really good.
The price of the tickets is only five dollars,
including a free drink.
Well, call me when you get back home.
Bye for now.